Nini
Guess what delicious food I made for you today?
You can also cook
Who else?
Without a friend of mine
Oh so
Come, come and taste it. How does it taste?
OK, what are you doing?
Come, Miss Li
This is made by our Mr. Gu himself, please try it
I can't believe you can still cook
Strange why I thought of him
Ah!
delicious
It's delicious, you should eat more
You see, you've been tired and thin all this time
Oh, yeah, there's something I want to tell you. Hmm.
Have you ever felt that recently
There are a lot more customers in the store.
What do you mean?
I have investigated
Eighty percent of customers show up every 10 minutes
Very few are irregular
You mean you suspect someone is guiding customers?
That's the one that stops there every day
I was wondering if I should take a look.
I will accompany you.
Yeah, OK.